Parts

From bike helmets to clipless pedals, we serve novice cyclists and racers and everyone in between. We stock the most common replacement accessories and parts as well as a vast amount of items you never thought you would need. Looking for a super-specific saddle for your rare bike? We might not have it in stock, but we can order it for you &emdash; and at a fair price.

Not in the neighborhood? Give us a call at 401-555-1212.

---

Repairs

Broken chain? Squeaky brakes? Gears that don't shift? There are a lot of moving parts on a bicycle. You may know a few, but our staff knows them all and they&apos;re ready to assist. We&apos;re happy to take a look at your bike and give you an estimate. Most bikes can be returned within a week. Every situation is different. If you need assistance, come see us.

Not in the neighborhood? Give us a call at 401-555-1212.

---

Support

Our staff has years of experience riding all kinds of bikes and doing so in this area. If you need help finding a bike route for a family ride or an exhilarating mountain bike excursion, give us try. We love cycling and love sharing what we know to help you have a fantastic experience. Have a question about whether you should switch to clipless pedals or how to get four bikes on the back of your car? We can probably help. Have a question? Get in touch!

Not in the neighborhood? Give us a call at 401-555-1212.

---

About

Bike PVD opened in 2015. We are a full service bike shop offering repairs, parts and accessories and expert service. Broken chain? Squeaky brakes? Gears that don't shift? Come see us. Need parts? From bike helmets to clipless pedals, we serve novice cyclists and racers and everyone in between. Need advice on a bike route or how to maintain control of your bike at high speeds? Our staff have years of experience riding all kinds of bikes and doing so in this area. Have a question? Ask us! We&apos;re open six days a week. We&apos;d love to meet you.

Hours and Details

We can be reached during the following times and days.

700 Westminster St. Providence, RI 02903 &middot; 401-555-1212

Monday 9-5
Tuesday 9-5
Wednesday 9-5
Thursday 9-6
Friday 9-6
Saturday 9-12
Sunday Closed

